Add reviews to Category page and average rating to product (#4958)
DivanteLtd/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/commercetools/enterprise/use-review.md

---
platform: Commercetools
---

<IncludeContent content-key="use-review" />

::: slot search-params

```typescript
interface ReviewSearchParams {
  productId: string;
  limit?: number;
  offset?: number;
}
```

:::

::: slot add-params

```typescript
interface ReviewAddParams {
  productId: string;
  limit?: number;
  offset?: number;
  draft: ReviewDraft;
}

interface ReviewDraft {
  authorName: string;
  text: string;
  rating: number;
}
```

:::

::: slot usage

## Usage

When `@vsf-enterprise/ct-reviews` plugin is installed as a dependency, it requires minor modifications in the code to work.

> At the top of `script` tag in `Product.vue`, we're importing `useReview` and `reviewGetters` from `@vue-storefront/commercetools`. To use this plugin, simple import them from `@vsf-enterprise/ct-reviews` instead of `@vue-storefront/commercetools`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the codebase we're importing `useReview` and `reviewGetters` from `@vue-storefront/commercetools`. To use this plugin, simply import them from `@vsf-enterprise/ct-reviews` instead of `@vue-storefront/commercetools`:
```

I changed to something that won't get outdated too quick :)
